1) What is Programme?

Programme is set of Instruction 

Example : Sometimes mom gives you instruction to do someting go and bring vegitables for me that is programme.


Programming : The method of create programming it is called programming.



2) Types of languages

1)Procedural Programming (Cultur base programming : That type of programing which is continusly working with so many years) 

2)Object oriented programmming language (That type of language which is run by objects) Example : C++

3)Logical Programimg language : (That type of language which is run logically) Example : Prolog language

4)Functional Programming language : (Use functions for creating software) Example : Python



3)World Wide Web (WWW)

Konwn as web

Collection of websites and servers 

we request to the server to show something which was our reuirment and this world wild web provide us that information which is we reuired as per our requirments



4)How internet works?

1) Request for website

2) Search by server for right website and 

3) Show the result as per your requirment 



5)Network Layers on client and server (Issue)

1)Client Programe : Request for service

2)Server Programe : Provide service



6)Types of internet connection

1)Digital Subscriber line(Issue)
2)Cable internet
3)Wirless internet
4)Satelite internet
5)Fiber optics
6)Broadband over power lines (BPL)


7)Protocols

A network protocol is a group of rules accompanied by the network
Network protocols will be formalized requirments and plans composed of rules,procedures and types that describe communication among a couple device over the network.

Types of protocoles
1)HTTP OR HTTPS
2)FTP (File Transfer Protocol)
3)Email Protocols(POP3,SMTP)
4)TCP(Transmission Control protocol) and UDP(User Datagram Protocol)



8)Application Security 

Application security refers to security precautions used at the application level to prevent the theft or hijacking of data or code within the application.
It includes security concern made at the time of devlopment of application and designing of application



9)Software Applications and its types

1)Software Applications:

It is type of software application that helps in automation of the task based on the user input.
It can perform single or multiple taskes at the same period of time.
Different languages are used to build application software.

2)Application Software:

1)Software Application
2)Middleware
3)Programming software
4)System software
5)Driver software




10)Software architecture :

Software architecture is a blue print of building software it shows the overall structure of the software, the collection of components in it and how they interact with one another while hiding the implementation.


Layers in software Architecture

1)Presentation layer
2)Application layer
3)Business layer
4)Persistance layer
5)Database layer



11)Types of programming language

1)Procedural
2)Object oriented
3)Functional
4)Logical
5)Scripting 


12)Source code:
Source code is the source of computer programe. It contains declaration,instruction,functions,loops and other statments



13)SDLC Software devlopment lifecycle

1)Planning
2)Analysing
3)Designing
4)Implelmentation
5)Testing
6)Maintenence




 








 